>>> GUYS, THANK YOU SO MUCH
MAKING OUR TRIP TO NEW YORK
SPECIAL.
>> COLUMBUS IS GOING TO SEE
BORING AFTER THIS.
>> THIS IS THE HOTTEST
RESTAURANT IN NEW YORK RIGH
NOW.
>> YOU'RE IN FOR A REAL TRE.
>> I'M SO EXCITED.
>> HI, FOLKS, WELCOME.
MY NAME IS ASTON.
WHO IS FAMILIAR WITH HOW WE
THINGS?
>> TWO ARE, TWO AREN'T.
>> YOU GUYS ARE PROS, I'M G
TO LET THEM FILL YOU IN AS
GO, YOUR SERVER WILL BE WITU
IN A MOMENT.
AND HERE'S YOUR GLORY HOLE.
ENJOY.
>> TERRIFIC.
THANK YOU.
>> WHAT IS THAT?
>> YEAH, WHY IS THAT THERE?
>> OH, WELL BACK IN THE DAY
THIS BUILDING WAS ONE OF TH
MOST INFAMOUS UNDERGROUND S
PARLORS IN THE MEAT PACKING
DISTRICT.
>> THIS IS GOING BACK TO TH
'70s BEFORE THIS NEIGHBORHO
WAS COMMERCIALIZED AND
SANITIZED.
>> PEOPLE WOULD COME HERE A
STICK THEIR BUSINESS THROUG
THAT HOLE.
>> AND NOW IT'S A RESTAURAN.
>> OH, COOL.
>> HEY, GUYS, HOW IS EVERYB
DOING TONIGHT?
I'M ETHAN?
>> OH, MY GOT.
>> AND WHO WANTS BREAD?
>> I DO.
>> THIS IS ACTUALLY AN ARTI
BREAD WE MAKE HERE AT THE
RESTAURANT.
CHECK THIS OUT?
>> SO GOOD.
>> WHAT DID YOU END UP DECI,
CEILING FANS OR NO?
>> WHAT?
>> FOR THE HOUSE RENOVATION?
DID YOU DO THE CEILING FANS?
>> I CAN'T REMEMBER ANYTHIN
OTHER THAN WHAT I'M LOOKING
RIGHT NOW.
>> CEILING FANS ARE NICE.
THEY ADD VALUE.
>> HONEY, SLOW DOWN ON THAT
SAVE SOME FOR THE REST OF U.
>> ANYONE ELSE FOR BREAD?
>> I SAID I WASN'T GOING TO
ANY BREAD.
BUT I THINK I HAVE TO.
>> I'M SORRY, I SHOULD HAVED
THIS, NOW WE ONLY HAVE PUMP
NICKEL.
>> I'VE NEVER HAD, BUT I'LL.
>> SO, TELL ME, HOW IS TRACS
SHE EXCITED TO START PRESCH?
>> I UNDERSTOOD ZERO OF THE
ROADS YOU SAID.
>> YOUR DAUGHTER TRACY.
>> TRACY'S IN PRESCHOOL ALR?
THAT'S CRAZY.
>> IT IS CRAZY.
>> THIS IS SO GOOD.
I LIKE HOW SALTY IT IS.
GUYS, GET IN ON THIS.
>> WE'RE FINE, THANK YOU.
>> THEY DON'T HAVE ANYTHINGE
THIS IN COLUMBUS, DO THEY?
>> I'M GLAD THEY DON'T.
>> WAIT, DID WE ORDER CORN?
>> YOU KNOW WHAT, IT'S HERE
WHO CARES.
>> OH, MY GOD.
>> GUYS, PLEASE TRY THIS OR
WE'RE GOING TO EAT EVERYTHI.
>> WE'RE NOT GOING TO EAT T.
>> STOP BEING A PRUDE, REAN
AND EAT THE CORN OUT OF THE
GLORY HOLE.
>> HEY GUYS, JUST A HEADS U
I'M TRAINING SOMEONE SO THE
GONNA BE A NEW MOUTH AT THE
WHOLE.
BUT HE'S GONNA TAKE GREAT C
OF YA.
>> HI, MY NAME'S TONY.
WOULD ANYONE LIKE SOME BREA?
>> NO, TONY, THEY ALREADY H
SOME BREAD.
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> OH, I'M SORRY.
ARE YOU READY TO 0RD YOUR
ENTREE?
>> LET'S GET WHAT WE HAD LA
TIME?
>> WE'LL HAVE THE CORN DOG
FOUR.
>> COME ON, PHIL, PEOPLE AR
DYING TO GET INTO THIS
RESTAURANT AND YOU'RE NOT E
GIVING IT A CHANCE.
>> ALL RIGHT.
>> BILL, BILL, THAT'S OUR
DINNER.
>> I DON'T KNOW, I WAS JUST
TRYING TO FIT IN.